DOCSP-36546 Scan Multiple Collections (#193)
mongodb/docs-spark-connector: source/release-notes.txt

Release Notes
=============

MongoDB Connector for Spark 10.3
--------------------------------

The 10.3 connector release includes the following new features:

- Added support for reading multiple collections when using micro-batch or
  continuous streaming modes.

  .. warning:: Breaking Change

     Support for reading multiple collections introduces the following breaking
     changes:
     
     - If the name of a collection used in your ``collection`` configuration

>        option contains a comma (,), the

Reviewer: S: I _think_ we can get away without showing the comma in parentheses. The backslash at the end makes sense for clarity.
```suggestion
       option contains a comma, the
```

       {+connector-short+} treats it as two different collections. To avoid
       this, you must escape the comma by preceding it with a backslash (\\).

     - If the name of a collection used in your ``collection`` configuration
       option is "*", the {+connector-short+} interprets it as a specification
       to scan all collections. To avoid this, you must escape the asterisk by preceding it
       with a backslash (\\).

     - If the name of a collection used in your ``collection`` configuration
       option contains a backslash (\\), the
       {+connector-short+} treats the backslash as an escape character, which

>        might change how the value is interpreted. To avoid this, you must escape

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       might change how it interprets the value. To avoid this, you must escape
```
